[docs] Add accessibility page to TreeView docs (#12845)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/tree-view/accessibility/accessibility.md

Type-ahead is supported for single characters. When typing a character, focus moves to the next item with a label that starts with the typed character.

## Selection

The tree view support both single and multi selection. To learn more about the selection API, visit the dedicated page for the [Simple Tree View](/x/react-tree-view/simple-tree-view/selection/) or the [Rich Tree View](/x/react-tree-view/rich-tree-view/selection/).

To read more about the distinction between selection and focus, you can refer to the [WAI-ARIA Authoring Practices guide](https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/practices/keyboard-interface/#kbd_focus_vs_selection).

### On single-select trees

When a single-select tree receives focus:

- If none of the items are selected when the tree receives focus, focus is set on the first item.
- If an item is selected before the tree receives focus, focus is set on the selected item.

### On multi-select trees

When a multi-select tree receives focus:

- If none of the items are selected when the tree receives focus, focus is set on the first item.

> - If an item is selected before the tree receives focus, focus is set on the first of the selected items.

Author: I double checked, and we are both right, sort of. 
If you select a bunch of items, focus on something else, and then focus back on the TreeView, the item that will be focused is indeed the one you selected last. 
However, if you have a selection state initialized on the first render, and focus on the TreeView, the item focused will be the first one 🙈 

https://github.com/mui/mui-x/assets/72460825/c2e2c2a9-7768-4ca3-a94f-8f63a08d92f7

So maybe something like this makes more sense: 
```suggestion
- If one or more items are selected before the tree receives focus, focus is set on
  - the first selected item if it is the first render
  - the item that was last selected 
```

> - If an item is selected before the tree receives focus, focus is set on the first of the selected items.

Reviewer: Nice confirmation. 👍 
Or maybe like this?

```suggestion
- If one or more items are selected before the tree receives focus, then focus is set on:
  - the first selected item if it is the first render
  - the item that was last selected otherwise
```
